submitting-changes.chapter.md: Suggest adding cosmetic changes to .git-blame-ignore-revs (#187498)
NixOS/nixpkgs: doc/contributing/submitting-changes.chapter.md

- Make commits of logical units.

> - Using a separate commit, register into the `.git-blame-ignore-revs` file any commits that you believe may be distracting when using `git blame`. The most common examples include commits that introduce purely cosmetic changes, such as commits that only rename symbols or adjust indentation.

Reviewer: I think we should add to only do this for bigger changes to not collect very small commits.

>   - It is important that a PR containing both a cosmetic commit and a commit adding the hash to the `.git-blame-ignore-revs` file be taken into the upstream `nixpkgs` repository specifically via a merge commit; if any such PR is taken in via a rebase, for example, the hash of the cosmetic commit will change to something other than what is registered in the `.git-blame-ignore-revs` file.

Reviewer: Sometimes this can't be avoided for example when resolving a merge conflict on a staging branch. I am not sure how we want to handle that and if we need validation logic for the commits.

Reviewer 2: We can always add validation if it appears necessary, but documenting the procedure (and the caveat if need be) is worthwhile. Otherwise most people simply won't know.

>   - It is important that a PR containing both a cosmetic commit and a commit adding the hash to the `.git-blame-ignore-revs` file be taken into the upstream `nixpkgs` repository specifically via a merge commit; if any such PR is taken in via a rebase, for example, the hash of the cosmetic commit will change to something other than what is registered in the `.git-blame-ignore-revs` file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - It is important that a pull request containing both a cosmetic commit and a commit adding the hash to the `.git-blame-ignore-revs` file be taken into the upstream `nixpkgs` repository specifically via a merge commit; if any such pull request is taken in via a rebase, the hash of the cosmetic commit will change to something other than what is registered in the `.git-blame-ignore-revs` file.
```

Please do not use abbreviations without introducing them.

I removed "for example", because it's not clear what that refers to: rebase or commit hash.
